= jerreb

Sick of the complexity of other testing librairies ? Want to use your Ruby skills while writing your tests ? Want to describe your behaviour fast ? Use Jerreb.

== Preamble

I'm a beginner in Ruby. I don't code very well. That doesn't mean I shouldn't create my own projects, but be warned that I just code for fun, and during holidays (I'm in high school).

However, I wanted to code my own testing library, because none of them could really make me happy. I wanted a fast one (as in coding). I wanted one for small projects, because that's what I do most of the time.

== Example

    class ExampleTest < Jerreb
      setup { Example.new }
      he 'is an example' {object.kind_of?(Example)}
      # Jerreb simply tests if the block returns true or false. object is an alias for what setup returns.
      
      she.kind_of?(Example)
      # Alias for the previous example. Generates: 'The object kind of Example'.
      
      his.name 'is one' {object == 'one'}
      # object is now what the 'name' method of what setup returns returns.
      
      her.name == 'one'
      # Alias for the previous example. Generates: "The name of the objects == 'one'"       
    end
    ExampleTest.run

== Note on Patches/Pull Requests
 
* Fork the project.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a
  future version unintentionally (and you know which library to use...).
* Commit, do not mess with rakefile, version, or history.
  (if you want to have your own version, that is fine but
   bump version in a commit by itself I can ignore when I pull)
* Send me a pull request. Bonus points for topic branches.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2009 Othmane Benkirane. See LICENSE for details.
